0>Huh? Who's that? Eh? Huh?
1)Are you the anti-mayor?
3)It's me, $name. Who are you?
11)That's a nice coat.

1>Yes, it is I, the anti-mayor!!!
1)It is I, $name!
7)It is I, $name, the yogurt commercial star!
5)I heard about you from the mayor of Peabody, down on Earth.

2>END

3>Perhaps you have heard of me!!!
I am the anti-mayor!
5)I heard about you from the mayor of Peabody, down on Earth.
10)Anti-mayor? More like anti-butt!!!
19)What have you got up that ladder?

4>TEXTSIZE:LARGE
NIAGARA FALLS!!!
TEXTSIZE:NORMAL
Sloooowly I turn!
And step... By step... Inch... By inch...
VAMPIREATTACK
END

5>A foolish, simple man!
He thinks being tin-pot king of his little fiefdom is the best thing in the world!
But he could never be an anti-mayor of the moon!!! NEVER!!!
6)Are you trying to sabotage the yogurt commercials?
9)What's so hard about being an Anti-Mayor?
19)What's up that ladder there?

6>Of course I am! What a horrible little business!
I hope you never had any part in these yogurt commercials!
21)Why are you trying to stop the yogurt commercials?
7)I am the lead actor of many yogurt commercials.
8)I, too, hate yogurt commercials.

7>You'd better be careful, then!
I have heard that yogurt commercial actors have been visited in the night!
Ha ha ha!
21)Why are you so against the yogurt commercials?

8>Glad to hear it, fellow traveler!
I will happily offer you a role in our own commercials!
The commercials are for scram gravy!
13)Scram gravy, huh? Sounds like a hoot.
9)You got anything else besides commercials?
21)But why are you so against the yogurt commercials?

9>Perhaps you can help me!
I lost my enchanted silver dagger in the temple ruins!
15)So you just need me to go find it? What's the catch?
16)Temple ruins? Where is the temple, again?

10>WELL MET, FRIEND!
Might I interest you in a business proposition?
9)I'm listening...
8)I'm more interested in the gravy commercials.

11>Ah, you refer to the legendary Coat of the Anti-Mayor!
This coat grants me total immunity to all damage, impacts, combat, etc.!
It gives me party-perfect confidence in battle! I am unstoppable!
12)Are you worried that your enemies might try to kill you, nevertheless?
8)Well it looks mighty snazzy!
5)I heard about you from the mayor of Peabody, down on Earth.

12>Let them try! I am not afraid of sneaking cutthroats and treasonous dogs!
I spit on them! I spit! I spit!!!
Only a fool would believe you could die without taking damage!
What sort of cretinous nonsense is this! Absurd! To die without taking damage!
9)So what's your deal, then?
5)Do you know the mayor of Peabody?

13>The motto is: "Scram Gravy Ain't Wavey!"
Just thinking of it fills me with immense power! Ha ha ha ha!
14)Scram gravy aint wavey!
6)Are you trying to sabotage the yogurt commercials?

14>SCRAM GRAVY AINT WAVEY! INDEED!!!
TEXTSIZE:LARGE
HA HA HA HA HA HA HA!!!
TEXTSIZE:NORMAL
Wow!
9)So what else?

15>The moon temple is host to many angry spirits of the lunar anti-priests.
Lots of bad vibes over there. They might want to keep the dagger.
18)I thought you said this was your dagger? 
16)Where is the temple, again?
17)I ain't afraid of no ghost! Enough chit-chat!

16>Go all the way over to the right, past where you first landed on the moon.
15)Sounds easy, why haven't you gotten the dagger yourself?
17)Right, I've heard enough. Let's get this dagger!

17>Godspeed! Good luck! Ha ha ha!
END

18>Well, it's more like this dagger falls under my jurisdiction.
It's an ancient artifact made during the height of the transplutonian empire.
16)Where is the temple, again?
17)I ain't afraid of no ghost! Enough chit-chat!

19>This ladder leads to the full-width rooftop terrace with spectacular views of Earth and Venus.
Don't mind the ancient astral gate! Har har har!
20)What's an astral gate?
6)Are you trying to sabotage the yogurt commercials?
11)That's a nice coat.

20>More ancient technology. It used to allow travel between the moon and Venus.
It's shut now.
5)I heard about you from the mayor of Peabody, down on Earth.
6)Are you trying to sabotage the yogurt commercials?
11)That's a nice coat.

21>You are dabbling with forces beyond your comprehension.
The Ultimate Yogurt Commercial of All Time.... Some believe it is a myth! It is not a myth!
Listen.... I know how your business works. I know where this all leads.
You must not create the Ultimate Yogurt Commercial of All Time! Your very soul is in danger!
22)What are you talking about? What are these sinister forces?

22>The devil himself sets a snare for you, even as we speak.
Not all is well with your employer, Bob Yogurt! The rot at their core is beginning to show.
The devil will come to collect. Mark my words. He returns to the earth to set his affairs in order.
Stop now, while you still can! Save your soul!
23)You mean the actual devil? Like, Satan?
10)I know you're crazy, but this devil talk is just too much.

23>Yes, I mean the actual devil! Satan! The big bad guy! Pointy tail, red horns!
This yogurt business will lead you to the very foot of his throne, $name! Mark my words!
When the time comes, you will have to make a choice... Pray you choose wisely!
10)Uh huh. Good talk.
24)I still don't understand. What choice? What does the devil want?

24>Let's just say, demonic forces have controlled the yogurt industry since time immemorial.
Nothing escapes the devil's grasp... He sits in his lair, scheming to bring about the Ultimate Yogurt Commercial of All Time.
When that time comes, the ritual will be complete, and the cycle will begin again.
10)Alright, I've heard enough.
8)Well this yogurt business sounds like bad news to me.