0>Hello, $name!
Ready to redefine the future of the yogurt advertisement industry?
1)Let's talk about this commercial's direction.
2)What are your thoughts on this assignment?
3)No time to talk, Neville. 

1>I always say: an actor can't beat the 1993 NBC prime-time sitcom, Frasier.
4)When the camera's rolling, don't forget: I am the star. You are my support.
5)How do you get into character? 
3)If you say one more word, all the lines I have memorized will leak out of my brain.

2>Just keep it simple! 
Everyone says you like to showboat, but I know you have an untapped potential for reserved perfomances.
7)Jealousy is an ugly color on you, Neville.
8)I swear Neville, keep testing me and I'll give you a taste of my Giga Tiger Chop attack!
3)I'm going to walk away, and pretend I didn't hear that. How's this for a reserved performance?

3>END

4>Of course. The role is more suited to you anyway.
Lord knows I can't chew the scenery enough to please management.
7)I don't chew the scenery, and I can emote circles around you, Neville, circles!!!
6)Thank you. Let's discuss the other matter, then.
3)I will try to do better in the future. Goodbye.

5>A good actor should know the character as he knows himself.
For example, in this role, I ask: who is Dr. Odenkirk, what force animates his life?
The answer, I think, is yogurt. He is passionate about it.
In this way, the role unfolds before me like a rare orchid blooming in the Louisiana bayou.
3)I must take some time now to think about this.
6)Thank you, I have more questions.

6>What is it?
1)Let's talk about this commercial's direction.
2)What are your thoughts on this assignment?
3)No time to talk, Neville. 

7>It's nothing personal.
I just think your acting compares unforably to the 1993 NBC prime-time sitcom, Frasier.
3)Agree to disagree, then.
3)I'm letting you know, I might start throwing punches.
3)I can't argue with Frasier.

8>The Yogurt Advertisement Guild will be hearing about this!
Your behavior on this assignment has been nothing but unprofessional!
END