0>Welcome... Welcome... Come in...
1)What is this place?
2)Who are you?
3)Do you have a public restroom here?

1>This is a humble alchemical potion research lab and gift shop, a wholly-owned subsidiary of GloboPharmCorp.
2)Who are you?
4)What do you do here?

2>I am a humble apprentice of the alchemical arts.
Technically, I am a grad student in the Alchemy department at Peabody University. I work here to make ends meet.
1)What is this place?
4)What do you do here?
7)Where is Peabody University?

3>The restroom is for paying customers only.
2)Who are you?
4)What do you do here?

4>I study the magical art of alchemy!
Sometimes you may see a status effect in the upper-right corner of your screen, such as strength or poison.
Bring me any armors, items, or potions that give you these effects!
I will tell you how to mix a potion for any effect!
5)So you can teach me to make potions?

5>Bring me any item that gives a status effect and I can teach you the potion recipe.
If you bring me an item that is an ingredient in a potion, I can tell you which potion it belongs to.
8)You can't just tell me how to make the potion? I have to bring you something first?
9)Once I have the ingredients, how do I make a potion?
10)What sort of things are potion ingredients?

6>All aspects of what we colloquially call reality are transactions between your nervous system and the external world.
5)Let's get back to the potion stuff please.
13)I know you're doing a thing here, but this mystial hogwash is not helpful.
11)Let me think on that for a while.

7>Peabody University is not in this game. Our stupid programmer is too lazy to add it in.
Maybe you can visit it in Yogurt Commercial 4?
4)What do you do here?

8>Look, buddy, I don't make the rules.
Bring me examples of what you want, and I'll give you a potion recipe.
12)How about a freebie?
11)I'll see what I can dig up. Thanks.
10)What kind of potion ingredients are we talking here?

9>Liquify and mix the ingredients together, of course!
A blender works great for this!
10)Cool, and what sort of ingredients are we talking here?

10>Well, usually they are squishy things, small enough to fit in a blender.
Sometimes they are other liquids.
Potion ingredients are often rare, and hard to get.
If you're not sure, bring something to me!
11)Thanks. Will do.
9)What do I do with the ingredients after I get them?

11>END

12>All right, but just this once.
Blend together eggplant and yogurt to make a potion of strength.
Don't believe me? Bring me a strength potion to check!
END

13>Good, let's talk about something else then.
9)Once I have ingredients, how do I make a potion?
10)What sort of things are potion ingredients?
12)How about a free, easy potion recipe?