0>Why, hello $name!
MAYORSABOTAGE
Welcome to my home!
How do you find our quiet town?
3)Thank you, what a nice house!
1)I am excited to begin my new life in your town.
10)Tell me about this place.

1>Your sentiment is appreciated.
You seem like a trustworthy sort. Could I ask for your help in a little municipal matter?
4)Tell me more.
5)I don't get involved in municipal affairs, as a rule.

2>END

3>Oh, this house has been in my family for generations.
That is why the attic is completely infested with ghosts!
If you could find a way to remove those ghosts, I would reward you handsomely.
7)How do you expect me to remove ghosts from your attic?
8)Do you mean these are the ghosts of your ancestors?
2)I'll see what I can do. Thank you for your time.

4>It concerns your livelihood, I'm afraid.
Agents of the lunar anti-mayor have come to Peabody, to sabotage our great yogurt commercial industry.
Be on the lookout for the anti-mayor's agents!
9)Anti-mayor?
13)Why would somebody want to sabotage the yogurt commercials?
10)Why would they come to Peabody?

5>I understand. A legal injunction, eh? Mum's the word!
END

6>You'll need some ancient and powerful weapons, I think.
The antimayor probably knows where to find some.
2)Well, thanks for the tip. I'll see what I can do.

7>Ghosts are ethereal, so they are immune to regular forms of damage. 
You probably need something more magical, I suppose.
6)I don't know any magic.
2)Try some magic. Huh. Well thanks for the advice, I guess.

8>That's right, my lazy freeloading ancestors died and they don't even have the courtesy to move out!
This house isn't big enough for all of us!!
Here on the corporeal plane, we care about real estate prices!!!
2)I'll see what I can do.
7)How can I get rid of the ghosts?

9>For every mayor, there is an evil anti-mayor that lives on the moon.
For centuries we lived in uneasy peace, but now that peace is threatened.
The anti-mayor's agents could be anywhere!
11)Can he be stopped?
13)Why is he after the yogurt commercials?
2)I don't think I'm getting much out of this conversation. Thanks.

10>Peabody was founded as a yogurt commercial boom town in 1856.
My great-great-great-great-great grandfather, mayor Alphonsus Increase Balthazar, founded Peabody back then.
12)Tell me more about mayor Alphonsus Increase Balthazar.
3)So this house is pretty old huh?
14)It seems Peabody has thrived on the entrepreneurial spirit of yogurt.

11>The anti-mayor is a force of primeval chaos. He cannot be reasoned with or understood. 
It is my duty as mayor to bring order to the world.
10)Tell me about the yogurt, then.
13)Is there something in particular he is after?
2)Thank you for your time.

12>Mayor Alphonsus Increase Balthazar, son of Nehemiah Deliverance Balthazar Jr., founded Peabody in 1856.
Together with his brother, Jedediah Makepeace Balthazar, he developed a new recipe for yogurt.
The yogurt was made from turpentine and swamp root.
3)Did he build this house?
14)Sounds lovely.

13>To be honest, $name, he fears your potential as a yogurt commercial actor.
In time, you will create the Ultimate Yogurt Commercial of All Time.
The antimayor fears the forces that you might unleash...
11)Can we stop him?
10)Tell me about this town.

14>Ah, but not all is well in Peabody today.
We feel the growing threat of the antimayor... Any day, he could strike.
9)Anti-mayor?
