0>All hail $eitherName, famous yogurt commercial actor!
1)You guys have heard of me even all the way up here?
2)I seek the true seer's wisdom.

1>Hey, it's nothing personal, buddy.
Knowing about people is kind of the oracle's whole job, you know?
So whattaya wanna know?
3)Why are my yogurt commercials never good enough for the board?
4)I'm looking for career advice.

2>Nothing is hidden from the Oracle!
3)Why are my yogurt commercials never good enough for the board?
4)I'm looking for career advice.

3>You're working for Bob Yogurt, right? That's right.
Alright, let's see.... I will now enter the oracular trance...
TEXTSIZE:LARGE
{mantra}!
{mantra}!
TEXTSIZE:NORMAL
...
On a subconscious level, the members of the board all know you have incredible potential.
The potential to create the Ultimate Yogurt Commercial of All Time.
They need you to save the company, but they fear what you will unleash.
6)How should I got about my quest?
7)What will I unleash?

4>Career advice? You come all the way up here for career advice? 
Holy moly.
5)Um...
5)It's a simple request.
5)I'm kinda new to the whole oracle thing, so...

5>Silence! I will now enter the oracular trance....
TEXTSIZE:LARGE
{mantra}!
{mantra}!
TEXTSIZE:NORMAL
...
You are a yogurt commercial actor?
Then you will not rest until you have created the Ultimate Yogurt Commercial of All Time.
8)Will that save the company?
9)Why should I? I'm not getting much out of this arrangement.

6>Use every trick at your disposal. 
There is nothing cheap, unfair, or too easy. There's no right way or wrong way to accomplish your goal. 
A yogurt commercial actor is basically a hacker who is trying to hack reality itself.
Forget your preconceptions and learn the rules of this world. Progress is the only measure of your success.
Etch this mantra on your heart, child:
TEXTSIZE:LARGE
YOGURT COMMERCIALS! YOGURT COMMERCIALS! OH LORD ALL THESE YOGURT COMMERCIALS!!!
TEXTSIZE:NORMAL
...
10)That sounds wildly unethical!
11)Whoah! 

7>Before this is all over, you will have to make a choice.
If your work is pure and from the heart, you will escape the snare.
If you reach for the jewels, you may live your life in a gilded cage.
You will make a deal with a very powerful foe! Beware!
10)What a load of hogwash.
11)Are these Led Zeppelin lyrics?

8>Nothing less than the Ultimate Yogurt Commercial of All Time can save Bob Yogurt.
You will visit other worlds, and plumb the very depths of hades, before you will know it.
At one point, you'll even get flushed down the toilet. Rare but true.
You can save the company, but at what cost? If you're not careful, you'll lose your soul.
10)I wasn't doing much with it anyway!
11)I see.

9>The value of the thing is in the doing.
When you follow your pure art, you have the momentum of the universe behind you!
Don't fight your destiny! You are like a perfect piano, about to be played by Prince!
10)I want my money back.
11)Interesting.

10>Alright, whatever.
It's been a long day.
Begone now, traveler! Heed thyself!
END

11>Good talk.
This oracular consultation is now officially closed.
Begone now, traveler! Heed thyself!
END