0>Hello, $name!
It's me, $name!
1)Aren't you that new yogurt commercial actor?
2)Have you noticed anything... strange... around here?
3)I'm sorry, I had you confused with someone else.

1>That's right. Are you a fan?
Did you come here to get an autograph?
4)Yes! I'd love to have your autograph!
5)I already have your autograph.
3)I am not a fan. I do not want your autograph.

2>I wasn't going to say anything, but yes.
You know what I'm going to say, right?
6)The aliens?
7)The vampires?
8)Tell me. It's safe with me.

3>END

4>Hmmmm... I guess I left all my pens in my other pants.
Just forge one when you get home, or something.
Was there anything else?
2)Have you noticed anything... strange... around here?
3)That's all for now.

5>Oh, glad to hear it!
Actually, I think my agent is calling.
Yes, I think I feel my phone buzzing.
Do you hear it buzzing in my pocket? No?
Let's do lunch sometime, okay?
END

6>Aliens, huh? Yeah, I know about them.
I know how their shrill cries rattle my window at night, the shreiking calls announcing the name of their dark lord, Satan.
Nightly, they threaten to drag me down to commune with their fell master.
And nightly I brusie and bloody their frail bodies, like rag dolls flying through the air, yet they persist!!!
9)I dont think that's how aliens work.
10)Aliens in cahoots with Satan?

7>So I'm not the only one to notice them?
I just moved here a week ago, and right away I can tell this town is thick with vampires.
8)I just meant the one vampire that lives over to the left of the map.
11)Do you have a plan to stop the vampires?
12)I wish I could help, but I'm not much of a fighter.

8>Hmmmm....
You know, I just remembered about a reading I need to sit in on.
But keep it real, okay? Good luck with your internet retail craft shop!
END

9>What would you know? Do you commune with the hyperborean cryptoterrestrials?
Do you feel their icy pall, their ghostly fingers, like tiny vienna sausages, carrying you, prone, through the night?
No, it is a lonely path I tread. I do it alone. I do it for them. For you.
For you, I punch aliens at night.
Now leave me, I've said too much.
END

10>Yes, Satan himself, the deceiver, fosters their interest in human anatomy, and night time pugilism.
For who else could deliver the force of will to knock and crash upon my window at night?
In fact, I think I hear their distant keening now!
END

11>How can I, without the right weapons?
Only silver, or magic, can harm a vampire.
I used to have a silver garden rake that worked pretty good.
3)Okay thanks!

12>You have to be a fighter, to take on a vampire. That's true.
Let me let you in on a little secret about this world:
You must be a fighter. You have to fight.
Anything worth anything must be fought for. When you see the chance, take it!
And the most worthwhile thing of all, is fighting vampires.
I must go now.
END